
[BANNER_IMG = d:/ymir work/ui/wiki/banners/guides.png]
[CENTER_ALIGN]System-Guides

1. Soul-binding

1.1 With the help of the item "Scroll of Binding" it is possible to bind individual items to the character.
Soul-bound items are not tradable and cannot be destroyed.
However, the bound items can still be placed in storage.

1.2 With the help of the item "Scroll of Unbinding" it is possible to unbind soulbound items. 
These items are still soul-bound for 24 hours in real time after the solution.
After the time has expired, they can be traded again and also destroyed.

2. Switchbot

You will find the Switchbot in your sidebar, to the left of your inventory. 
When you have opened the Switchbot, you will find 6 empty slots which you can use for switching.
As soon as you have inserted an item for switching into the empty slot, 
you can choose your desired bonus via the dropdown field, to select your desired bonus. 
To start the Switchbot, you have to confirm your bonuses (green tick behind the bonus). 
Now the switcher starts. 
Next to the bonuses you can select slot 1-3 to choose alternative bonuses.
If the switchbot has successfully switched your item, you will receive an 
information PM about the system. 
Now you can open the Switchbot and transfer your item to the inventory by drag and drop 
your item into the inventory.

3. Empire selection

It is possible to go to different empires with each of the 5 characters per account.
When creating a new character, you will see the selection window where you can choose an empire.
Later changes are still possible with "Tincture of Kingdoms", which can be found at the Gemi.

4. Ores-system

4.1 You can only add ores to your end PvM equipment (Kadashi earrings/bracelet/necklace). 

4.2 With diamonds you insert sockets into your equipment (3 slots per equipment). 
You can insert the Kadashi ore into the sockets, but it is time-limited.
With the ore amplifier you can make the ores that are time-limited permanent. 
When you have boosted all ores, you get an additional set bonus.

4.3 You can also insert sockets into your belt, but this is already the case with the first PvM belt. 
-> but this can be done to all PvM belts, no matter the level.
With the belt, the insertion also works with diamonds (3 slots.
In the sockets of the belt you insert red flame stones, which are also limited in time. 
With the ore amplifier you can make the time limit of the red flame stones permanent and 
get a set bonus as well.
With the ore enhancer you can make the time limit of the red flame stones permanent and 
get a set bonus as well.

5. L-Skill-System

5.1 If you have farmed Legendary Soulstones, you need 10 Soulstones per skill, 
to raise it from Perfect (P) to Legendary (L).
Legendary skills are stronger than Perfect ones. 
(IMPORTANT! L buffs from shamans are BETTER than the buffs from the buffbot).

5.2 Once you have legendary skills, you can use the skills window ("V" key) to 
choose your own colour for the selected skill.
To do this, click on the small "c" next to the skill icon and use the generator to select a colour.

6 GW-K/D-System

Within a GK it is possible to open a GUI with the TAB key. In this GUI you can see
how many kills or deaths the individual players have collected during the GW. 

7. Projection system

With the NPC Theowahdan it is possible to do a projection. 
Wings, hairstyles, armour, weapons, mounts & pets can be projected. 
The projection is applied to the item added in the left slot. 
The item in the right slot disappears after the projection is completed & the item in the left slot has 
the appearance of the used item.

8 Costume/Bonus Transfer System 

8.1 On N2 there are costumes with and without bonuses. Costumes can be given bonuses by using 
"Transform Costume".
Up to 3 bonuses can be added to a costume. Costume bonuses can be switched using "Enchant Costume".
8.2 It is also possible to transfer bonuses to another costume, in a similar way to the 
projection system.
Left slot = finished item 
Right slot = item from which the bonuses are taken & destroyed after the process. 


