
[BANNER_IMG = d:/ymir work/ui/wiki/banners/skilltree.png]
[CENTER_ALIGN]Hunting-missions and Skilltree

1 Start
The hunting-missions are active immediately and do not have to be started first.
The corresponding window can be found by opening the inventory and scrolling down the 
symbols on the left until you reach the symbol for the hunting-missions.

2 Structure
The targets of the hunting-missions are divided into metin stones and dungeon bosses.
As soon as you defeat a target, you can see the progress of the respective mission by 
the green bar. You can see all open missions at the top and all completed ones at the bottom. 
There are always two missions active, one for metin stones and one for dungeon bosses. 
If you complete a mission, the next higher one starts automatically.

3 Leveling up
To get experience points for leveling up on the next farm map, you need an item, which 
you get when you have completed all the hunting-missions on the previous map.
So if you complete all the missions on the Shiva farm map, you will 
get "Jagras-Extension (55-75)". By right clicking on this item, you will get experience 
up to level 75 on the next map. The same system applies to all other farm maps.

4 Skilltree points
Completing the hunting-missions is not only essential for leveling up, but also for 
the Skilltree. The rewards for each hunting mission are Skilltree points. 
The number of Skilltree points increases with the progress of the hunting-missions. 
They can be used to unlock and strengthen the individual fields of the Skilltree, which 
is rewarded with additional bonuses.

5 Skilltree
The Skilltree is essential for PvM AND PvP.
The bonuses, which can be unlocked through the Skilltree, not only help with the 
defense and offense in PvM, but are also essential in PvP. 
The Skilltree is unlocked in stages. Once you have completed all the hunting-missions, you 
also automatically unlock the entire Skilltree and gain all additional bonuses.

6 Skilltree - Breakdown
On the Shiva farm map, you unlock the bottom row of all three categories.
On the Artemis farmmap you unlock the second row for all three categories.
On the Aqua farm map, you unlock the third row of the middle category.
On the left and right categories, the outer two fields of the third row are unlocked.
On the Eden farm map you unlock the fourth row of the middle category.
On the left and right categories it is the middle field of the third row.
On the Terra-Farmmap you unlock the last row and therefore the last field of 
all categories, which completes the Skilltree.



