
[BANNER_IMG = d:/ymir work/ui/wiki/banners/guides.png]
[CENTER_ALIGN]Guide


1 General

1.1 Choice of your main character
For the later course of the game you need the bonuses of the skill tree (PvP and PvM).
It is therefore advisable to decide on a PvP race in advance and to farm with this character
farm with this character. The class of your character can, of course, still be changed later on.
change your character's class later (certificate oef apprenticeship).

1.2 The first steps
At the start, you will receive a beginner's chest with the following items:
- Lion Seal, Fire Phoenix, Crescent Moon Ring (Starter), Starter Elixir, Linen Belt (Starter).
- Starter Talisman, Ruler Band (Starter).
This chest is to help you start the game.

1.3 Skills
At level 5 you can choose your skill-lore. As soon as one of your skills reaches the level
"Master" you can use a rainbow stone to perfect the skill.
You can get rainbow stones from the starting chest and from the general merchant. 

1.4 Buffs
On the first farm map (level 20) you can get healing and dragon shaman buffs from the "Buffbot".
Click the bot several times to get all buffs. The buffs last 14 days. They disappear
only if you are killed by another player. 

1.5 Leveling
To level up on this server, you do not need to visit any specific level maps.
Your character will level up while farming. As soon as you have reached the maximum level for the
map, you will no longer receive experience points.

1.6 Farming
You need a new PvM EQ for each farm map. On the respective farm map you have the possibility to drop
uppitems for your equipment from the Metinstone and the bosses.
You need the complete equipment on +9 to do damage on the following farmmap.
The bosses on the farm maps can drop different costumes. These give you PvM bonuses for
2 hours PvM bonuses. 

1.7 Dungeons
In the respective dungeons you have the chance to drop uppitems with which you can upgrade your
equipment from +7 to +9.
from +7 to +9. Check the wiki under "Dungeons".

1.8 Equipment
At level 20 you can enter the Jagras Dungeon. There you will receive an "Exile", which you can use to
buy PvM and PvP equipment from the general dealer. Here it is a good idea to
first step is to buy some PvM weapons and switch them. 

1.9 Spirit stones
With the "Exile" from the dungeons you can buy spirit stones and add them to your equipment.
From the 5th farm map on you can drop "spirit stone slots" from the corresponding dungeon. With this
With this item you can add up to three additional slots for spirit stones to your PvM equipment.

1.10 Hunting missions
When farming, keep an eye on your active hunting orders at all times. These are crucial for the
skill tree. The hunting orders must be completed in the order shown.

1.11 Skill tree
The skill tree is divided into three different categories. PvP, PvM and general bonuses.
You get the points for the skill tree through the hunting missions.


2.0 Equipaggiamento PvM / Equipaggiamento PvP

2.1.1 Elmo PvM: Possibilità di Avvelenamento, Forte contro Diavoli, Forte contro Zombie, Rigenerazione HP, Velocità d'Attacco.
2.1.2 Elmo PvP: Possibilità di Avvelenamento,Forte contro Mezzi-Uomini, Rigenerazione HP, Possibilità di Schivare Frecce.

2.2.1 Scudo PvM: Bonus Classe, Bonus Classe, Difesa contro Svenimento, Forte contro Diavoli, Forte contro Zombie, Possibilità di bloccare l'Attacco Corporale.
2.2.2 Scudo PvP: Bonus Classe, Bonus Classe, Bonus Classe, Difesa contro Svenimento, Forte contro Mezzi-Uomini, Possibilità di bloccare l'Attacco Corporale.

2.3.1 Orecchini PvM: Forte contro Zombie, Forte contro Diavoli, Velocità di Movimento, Resistenza all'Avvelenamento.
2.3.2 Orecchini PvP: Forte contro Mezzi-Uomini, Difesa Spada, Difesa Spadone, Difesa Pugnale, Resistenza Freccia. 

2.4.1 Bracciale PvM: Max HP, Forte contro Zombie, Possibilità di Colpo Critico, Danni Assorbiti da HP, Forte contro Diavoli.
2.4.2 Bracciale PvP: Max HP, Forte contro Mezzi-Uomini, Possibilità di Colpo Critico, Resistenza Magia, Possibilità di Colpi Trafiggenti.

2.5.1 Collana PvM: Max HP, Rigenerazione HP, Possibilità di Colpo Critico, Possibilità di Colpi Trafiggenti.
2.5.2 Collana PvP: Max HP, Difesa Spada, Difesa Spadone, Difesa Pugnale, Resistenza Freccia.

2.6.1 Scarpe PvM: Max HP, Possibilità di Colpo Critico, Velocità d'Attacco.
2.6.2 Scarpe PvP: Max HP, Difesa Spada, Difesa Spadone, Difesa Pugnale, Resistenza Freccia.

2.7.1 Armatura PvM: Max HP, Danni Assorbiti da HP, Valore d'Attaccco, Possibilità di Riflettere il danno corporale.
2.7.2 Armatura PvP: Max HP, Difesa Spada, Difesa Spadone, Difesa Pugnale,Resistenza Freccia.

2.8.1 Arma PvM: Danni Medi 45+, Forte contro Zombie, Forte contro Diavoli, Bonus Classe.
2.8.2 Arma PvP: Forte contro Mezzi-Uomini, Possibilità di Colpo Critico, Velocità della Magia, Bonus Classe, Bonus Classe.

2.9 Bonus Classe = VIT,INT,STR,DEX
2.9.1 Guerriero = STR
2.9.2 Ninja = DEX
2.9.3 Shamano = INT
2.9.4 Sura = INT


9. Boss delle Mappe Farm

In ogni Mappa Farm, sarà presente un Boss generalmente al centro della stessa. Questo sistema è valido per ogni zona della mappa  e per
ogni canale di gioco. 
Nella wiki,sezione Boss, troverai la lista completa di ciò che questi boss lasceranno cadere.
Il tempo di spawn varia in base al boss,seguendo questo schema:

Shiva:     10 minuti
Artemis:   12 minuti
Aqua:      15 minuti
Eden:      18 minuti
Terra:     20 minuti
Ragnarok:  30 minuti



POSSIBLE BONUSES OF ALCHEMY
Dragon Diamond:
- Strong against Monsters
- Strong against Metins
- Strong against Bosses
- Ice Resistance
- Strong against Undead

Dragon Onyx
- Strong against Monsters
- Strong against Metins
- Strong against Bosses
- Enhanced Item Drop
- Resistance against Darkness

Dragon Garnet
- Strong against Monsters
- Strong against Metins
- Strong against Bosses
- Lightning Resistance
- Yang drop chance is increased

Dragon Sapphire
- Strong against Monsters
- Strong against Metins
- Strong against Bosses
- Increased Item drop
- Earth Resistance

Dragon Jade
- Strong against Monsters
- Strong against Metins
- Strong against Bosses
- Chance to drop double yang
- Wind Resistance

Dragon Ruby
- Strong against Monsters
- Strong against Metins
- Strong against Bosses
- Fire Resistance
- Strong against Devils


