
[BANNER_IMG = d:/ymir work/ui/wiki/banners/guides.png]
[CENTER_ALIGN]Guide


1 General

1.1 Choice of your main character
For the later course of the game you need the bonuses of the skill tree (PvP and PvM).
It is therefore advisable to decide on a PvP race in advance and to farm with this character
farm with this character. The class of your character can, of course, still be changed later on.
change your character's class later (certificate oef apprenticeship).

1.2 The first steps
At the start, you will receive a beginner's chest with the following items:
- Lion Seal, Fire Phoenix, Crescent Moon Ring (Starter), Starter Elixir, Linen Belt (Starter).
- Starter Talisman, Ruler Band (Starter).
This chest is to help you start the game.

1.3 Skills
At level 5 you can choose your skill-lore. As soon as one of your skills reaches the level
"Master" you can use a rainbow stone to perfect the skill.
You can get rainbow stones from the starting chest and from the general merchant. 

1.4 Buffs
On the first farm map (level 20) you can get healing and dragon shaman buffs from the "Buffbot".
Click the bot several times to get all buffs. The buffs last 14 days. They disappear
only if you are killed by another player. 

1.5 Leveling
To level up on this server, you do not need to visit any specific level maps.
Your character will level up while farming. As soon as you have reached the maximum level for the
map, you will no longer receive experience points.

1.6 Farming
You need a new PvM EQ for each farm map. On the respective farm map you have the possibility to drop
uppitems for your equipment from the Metinstone and the bosses.
You need the complete equipment on +9 to do damage on the following farmmap.
The bosses on the farm maps can drop different costumes. These give you PvM bonuses for
2 hours PvM bonuses. 

1.7 Dungeons
In the respective dungeons you have the chance to drop uppitems with which you can upgrade your
equipment from +7 to +9.
from +7 to +9. Check the wiki under "Dungeons".

1.8 Equipment
At level 20 you can enter the Jagras Dungeon. There you will receive an "Exile", which you can use to
buy PvM and PvP equipment from the general dealer. Here it is a good idea to
first step is to buy some PvM weapons and switch them. 

1.9 Spirit stones
With the "Exile" from the dungeons you can buy spirit stones and add them to your equipment.
From the 5th farm map on you can drop "spirit stone slots" from the corresponding dungeon. With this
With this item you can add up to three additional slots for spirit stones to your PvM equipment.

1.10 Hunting missions
When farming, keep an eye on your active hunting orders at all times. These are crucial for the
skill tree. The hunting orders must be completed in the order shown.

1.11 Skill tree
The skill tree is divided into three different categories. PvP, PvM and general bonuses.
You get the points for the skill tree through the hunting missions.


2.0 PvM-Equipment / PvP-Equipment

2.1.1 PvM Helmet: Poisoning Chance, Strong against Devils, 
Strong against Undead, TP Regeneration, Attack Speed
2.1.2 PvP helmet: Poisoning chance, Strong against half-humans, 
TP regeneration, chance to dodge arrow attacks

2.2.1 PvM Shield: Class bonuses, Class bonuses, Immune to fainting, 
Strong against devils, Strong against undead, Chance to block melee attack 
2.2.2 PvP Shield: Class bonuses, Class bonuses, Class bonuses, 
Immune to fainting, Strong against half-humans, Chance to block melee attack. 

2.3.1 PvM Earrings: Strong against Undead, Strong against Devils, Movement Speed, 
Poison Resistance
2.3.2 PvP Earrings: Strong against half-humans, 4-side def

2.4.1 PvM Bracelet: MAX-TP, Strong against Undead, Chance of Crit. Hit, 
damage is absorbed by TP, strong against devils 
2.4.2 PvP bracelet: MAX HP, Strong against half-humans, chance of crit. hit, 
magic resistance, chance to pierce

2.5.1 PvM-chain: MAX-TP, TP-regeneration, chance to crit. Hit, chance to Pierce
2.5.2 PvP chain: MAX-TP, 4-Side-Def

2.6.1 PvM shoes: MAX-TP, chance to crit. Hit, attack speed, 
2.6.2 PvP shoes: MAX-TP, 4-Side-Def

2.7.1 PvM armour: MAX-TP, damage is absorbed by TP, attack value, 
chance of melee refect. 
2.7.2 PvP armour: MAX-TP, 4-Side-Def 

2.8.1 PvM weapon: 45+ DSS, Strong against undead, Strong against devils, 
class bonuses.
2.8.2 PvP weapon: Strong against half-humans, chance to crit. Hit, Spell Speed, 
Class bonuses, Class bonuses 

2.9 Class bonuses = VIT,INT,STR,DEX
2.9.1 Warrior = STR,VIT
2.9.2 Ninja = DEX,STR
2.9.3 Shaman = INT,STR
2.9.4 Sura = INT,STR


3. Farmmap-Bosses

On each farmmap, a farmmap boss spawns at the respective spawn points.
This is the case for each of the 4 server channels.
In the wiki category "Bosses" you can find an overview of the dropable items.
The spawn times are as follows:

Shiva:     10 minutes
Artemis:   12 minutes
Aqua:      15 minutes
Eden:      18 minutes
Terra:     20 minutes
Ragnarok:  30 minutes


POSSIBLE BONUSES OF ALCHEMY
Dragon Diamond:
- Strong against Monsters
- Strong against Metins
- Strong against Bosses
- Ice Resistance
- Strong against Undead

Dragon Onyx
- Strong against Monsters
- Strong against Metins
- Strong against Bosses
- Enhanced Item Drop
- Resistance against Darkness

Dragon Garnet
- Strong against Monsters
- Strong against Metins
- Strong against Bosses
- Lightning Resistance
- Yang drop chance is increased

Dragon Sapphire
- Strong against Monsters
- Strong against Metins
- Strong against Bosses
- Increased Item drop
- Earth Resistance

Dragon Jade
- Strong against Monsters
- Strong against Metins
- Strong against Bosses
- Chance to drop double yang
- Wind Resistance

Dragon Ruby
- Strong against Monsters
- Strong against Metins
- Strong against Bosses
- Fire Resistance
- Strong against Devils



